hello everyone so as you know when I do
do reviews I do it in multiples and
quite a bit so here goes another review
this is a review on the wet and wild
blushes and I have my blush in mellow
wine so part of the color icon like
blushers and here is the color it is a
mommy
yes it is like a mommy with like got a
little bit of shimmer but on the face
it's very matte very matte and I am a
mad lover
anyway it comes with a at all it does
not look like good quality yeah as soon
as I rub it on my hand here it seems to
like spread out and like all crazy nuts
on me but for this demonstration I think
I will use this for the first time well
not use this on my face anyway so this
is mellow wine it is very gorgeous here
I'll do a little swatch because I just
did swatches earlier so you have to
excuse my cream liner the watch is going
on oh my god this is so pigmented
and I believe it was around $2.99 was it
$2.99 for the bucks
he goes around $2.99 so here it is
oh there does my cream liners watch it
yeah I'll do it on my wrist oh my
goodness I am really in love with this
color I have a lot of things I have a
lot of like kind of like peaches colors
but this one no my only name I'll give
you a demonstration oh gosh I barely tap
this in here and watch it oh my goodness
key you see all the powder falling out I
really hope oh my gosh it is super non
powdery and I am fair-skinned
and this is kind of a darker blush that
you may think it's a little crazy so
here it is like applied with a brush
it's very pigmented so girls that are
like my like skintone definitely want to
use this sparingly very very like soft
we put this in okay that there is major
fallout I think what I'm gonna have to
do with this I love it so much I did
what I did wear it
once or twice nothing
I think not wearing it today but it kind
of did like fade off and I just the only
thing is I I think it's because I didn't
use my model in a bottle that day
because the model in a bottle it really
fills your makeup in so I definitely
gotta use again when I use model in a
bottle or what I'm gonna have to do
another blush here I can do an updated
blush collection because now I have a
lot more I have the Maybelline Dream
blush in peach Sun because it was like a
huge craze that everyone loves this is a
cream blush and they say oh I got a lot
I got a lot yeah I'll put it like right
here next to it oh my God look at that I
got so much look at how it spreads out
the only thing is it's as you can see
the mellow wine and peach shine he shine
is a lot like lighter and peak here it
is extremely shimmery so that's my only
gripe about this but I'm not doing
reviewing this maybe one later so but I
was thinking with my little one what
would be good is I get another one of
these dreams blushes because I know
there's more and maybe get it in a
darker color and then apply mellow one
on top I'm sorry my boyfriend just
texted me
Hades is coming up sorry I'm going off
topic here but now I have to miss a news
yesterday and it was so much fun it was
great
my gosh so some of you may be scared
that guys to like you know till you're
Sadie's dance where the girl asks the
guy
don't be have fun with it just do it I
know he's my boyfriend he doesn't have
much choice
well I guess he does but you know
anyways I'm sorry so the cream blush and
put mellow one on top of it I think it
would look gorgeous in luck in that
blush mmm but the thing is here I'm so
sorry I'm like going on about this but I
really wanted to get this like kind of
in-depth review about it and some of you
like myself fair skinned I think this
will look so much great on the tan skin
like very tan darker oh my gosh
I think mellow wine will look gorgeous
on you guys like my sister has the one
up from this very shimmer I want to say
and at first like she didn't know how to
apply it because like she put it on too
dark just because it's just so pigmented
so I do that on her but I just did it
very sparingly and it looked gorgeous
I think this one would look awesome on
her too um
so what if there's skin look very hard
because then we a cream blush and then a
blush on top it's like gonna show what
very pigmented so it's like kind of like
we got to be a little bit worried about
that but I still say I'm gonna get more
of these blushes because I think these
are amazing cons fallout very rose
pigmented and - like 99 so poor a blush
that is pigmented and in a drugstore
awesome it's great
so thank you guys bye